- and one convertible laptops are
devices that I've always wanted like the
idea of it is really cool to have a
laptop that can turn into a tablet just
by folding the screen back but there's
always been issues with usability it's
just something that comes with the
nature of a screen that folds back and
then you're now holding a keyboard
that's at the bottom of a laptop it's a
lot of companies attempt to do it but a
lot of companies don't do a good job at
it and that's why I don't cover them
very often in this channel because I
feel like a lot of companies produce
them just they're not really noteworthy
this one is the HP spectre x360 and of
all the two long devices that I've been
able to use I think this is the best one
in terms of usability for the average
person so there's a 13 inch and a 15
inch version to this this is the 13 inch
and my honest opinion if you're kind of
deciding between a screen size for 13 or
15 inch for two and ones there is very
few people that will be able to
comfortably use a 15 inch tuned one as a
tablet as at laptop that's great but if
you're looking for a tuned one and you
plan on using it as a tablet relatively
frequently I would go for the 13 inch
okay let's start with the keyboard it's
a good keyboard can't complain it's
backlit very good layout good spacing
it's a little bit slick because the keys
don't have any textures just took a
smooth plastic but it's a very
comfortable typing experience and the
trackpad is also good it uses a synaptic
driver I would have loved to have seen a
winner's precision driver but it's
actually a very good touchpad it's got
good tracking and good button mechanics
there is pen support and it's included
in the box but the pen itself isn't
amazing or anything and it works it does
everything that a kind of average stylus
would do but it feels like an older
generation surface pen to me ports on
this thing are pretty standard for an
ultrabook there's two USB sees one use
PA a micro SD slot and a fingerprint
sensor the u.s. PC support Thunderbolt 3
and it's 4 lane PCIe for the people that
want to plug this thing up to an
external GPU inside the RAM and the
Wi-Fi are soldered on the SSD is
replaceable if you need but that's
basically it everything else is soldered
on the battery down here is a nice size
60 watt hour slab and the battery life
is very good it's pulling up comfortable
nine and a half hours with the screen at
around 215 it's it's relatively long for
a to mon device I mean there are devices
that have longer battery life than this
but it's very
the performance on the 13-inch x360 is
actually quite good
a lot of tune one devices are using y
processors which I don't love this is
using the regular u processor quad-core
8th gen cable a car and it's awesome for
multi-core stuff you do need the right
type of application for the CPU to
really flex but these are really fast
processors gaming performance is pretty
limited light games will play at
reasonable frame rates but nothing
amazing the Intel UHD 620 is not a
gaming GPU so you kind of expect that
now one of the more interesting things
about this laptop are the fan noise and
the thermal performance so this thing
has two fans which I first I thought
would give it some amazing thermal
performance and it does but not in the
way that expected so this laptop is
quiet one of the quietest laptops that
have ever used even onload it can get a
little warm nothing too bad though
because you can comfortably use this
laptop on your lap now because this
thing had two fans I was under the
assumption that this would have the
ability to increase the wattage in XTU
to sustain boost clock but I wasn't able
to I was getting throttling even with
under volting and it's not a weak AC
adapter it's a very comfortable 65 watt
one but it's just said this laptop was
not designed to run above the original
thermal specifications so the fans on
this laptop are great if you just want
to keep things adequately cooled while
being quiet but you can't push out crazy
performance with them the usability as a
tablet is where this device excels and I
think this is where a lot of
manufacturers just kind of fail so
here's the thing if you're gonna buy a
two-in-one device if you're gonna spend
the money and pay a little bit of a
premium to get a tune one device you
have to be someone who's actually gonna
use it as a two-in-one device like I
know it sounds really obvious but a lot
of people will buy something like this
and just use it as a laptop and rarely
use it as a tuned one and it just
doesn't make sense if you're gonna use
it as a laptop just purchase a dedicated
laptop but if you're going to pick up
something like this you've got to be
damn sure you're gonna using it as tent
mode presentation mode tablet mode and
this thing is very comfortable to use in
all of those positions it's weird
because visually there's a lot of angles
and edges on the specter but it's
actually really comfortable to hold
now there's four speakers on this device
there's two on the top and then two on
the bottom and they've positioned them
in a way so you get clean audio in
laptop mode and tablet mode presentation
mode
doesn't even matter the audio itself is
not amazing I'm not gonna say that this
is the best speakers ever it's an
ultrabook
but they sound good but most importantly
you have access to clean audio
regardless of the position you have this
thing set up in alright lastly I want to
talk about the screen this panel is a
1080p panel it's bright it's got a good
color gamut and the viewing angles are
good now the side bezels are thin they
looked nice but the top and bottom
panels are thick right well they look a
lot thicker than you would want them to
but I think they do this on purpose
a lot of tuned one devices have thinner
bezels and it looks nice but in terms of
usability these thicker bezels on the
top and bottom are really nice int Alamo
there's just way fewer accidental clicks
and taps when you're handling the device
which is something that I think a lot of
Windows 10 tablets have an issue with
but you just don't get that with this
thing and I really like that the webcam
looks pretty clean and it's located in
the normal position up top so it doesn't
look up your nose or anything like that
the overall device is very comfortable
to use and it's just something that a
lot of manufacturers overlook or just
straight up don't care about 200 devices
should be comfortable as a laptop and as
a tablet and this guy does both well ok
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
we liked it subs you loved it see you
guys next time
[Music]